hey guys what's up it's been a while I
know I've been just very very busy with
school lately it's been crazy I'm like
at going nuts I max I'm actually insane
right now so um i apologize i haven't
been able to make a video but this is
like the first moment i have found to do
so so I'm gonna go and do a book haul
for you guys I have a ton of other
videos to catch up on but I have no idea
what I'm gonna be able to do those so
just bear with me here and I will try to
do a video whenever I get the chance
luckily this weekend hasn't been very
busy so anyway I've got about 12 books
to show you guys this is all from the
past month so just been piling up like
crazy but I've got Fault in Our Stars by
John Green of course of course this is a
signed copy a no Hinkler fish or
anything I have been fishing from one of
those lately but I can't find one butta
can't wait to read this I would have
read it by now but like I said I've been
really busy with school so I haven't
gotten the chance to read it so I've
just been trying to avoid as many
spoilers as I possibly can i also got
Emily's house by Natalie right i won
this in a give away from the author I'm
she has a youtube channel and she was
posting to give away for this and I
can't wait to read it I've heard a lot
of good things about it I'm Goodreads
and the author seems really really cool
so thank you Natalie if you're watching
this I really appreciate it and it
cannot wait to read it then in another
giveaway I want two books from Sarah
Nicholas and Kaylee over at the ye
rebels I think there's Saturday you've
probably seen them before they're
hosting a giveaway for four different
books and I 12 of them I got paranormal
see by Kirsten white I don't want to
read this really bad and I can't wait to
dig into that one and then I also won
the Maze Runner by James Dashner I
should have read this by now but I just
haven't gotten around to it so finally
have it you can't wait to start it and
then Sarah and Kaylee also sent me some
swag I got a sticker for the book the
pledge by Kim Lee dirty and then I got a
signed bookplate for the book incarnate
incarnate pronounced but I can't wait to
read that book and now I forgot a book
plate to put in the front of it when I
do get it and then I also got a sticker
front garnet also and then I got desires
of the Dead bookmark which is but I
think book 2 in the body finder series
by Kimberly turning so I haven't read
that series yet but I've heard it's
really good then I went to Ali's again a
couple weeks ago and I went nuts as I
always do at that place I got thirst
number 4 by Christopher Pike this was
only 299 brand new book and I've really
wanted to read the series lately so now
I have this is number four so number two
and number three so I just need to pick
up number one and then I can start the
series then I pick the curse of the
Windigo where I can see this is book too
and the monster Molitor series I have
been really really excited to read this
series i've heard a lot of really great
things about it I'm a big whore nutso of
course I i feel like i'm inclined to
read these books this was only 399 like
i said i don't have the first book yet
but i need to pick it up at some point
so when i do pick it up I'll already
have the second book so i can go ahead
and yeah continue reading the series and
then even though this is booked three
and i don't have booked one up of two I
went ahead and picked up monsters of men
this is like said book 3 and the chaos
walking series this was only 599 and
I've heard again awesome awesome things
about the series I said I'm going to try
to pick up book one as soon as I can but
I heard that if when you do start the
series you should have the other books
so that way you can just keep on reading
them and you don't have to wait to get
the next book so that's why I went ahead
and picked up this one so that way i
already have it then I flipped out when
i saw this book at ali's it's graceling
by kristin cashore i think this was only
399 hardcover first edition as every
single book i buy they're always first
editions but i've been searching for one
of these for a long time
hardcover first edition of this book and
I found it 399 perfect shape I like I
said I flipped out I'm really excited to
read that book okay then I have white
cat by Holly black I really like Holly
black I've only read her spiderwick
series haven't read any of her ye books
yet so I'm looking forward reading that
getting only 399 and then I picked up
wildfire by carsten night I've heard
this is pretty cool as well and the
author has a YouTube channel and he
seems like a cool guy so pick that up
399 then I picked the talisman vol.1 the
road of trials by stephen king and peter
straub this is the graphic novel and I
haven't read the original talisman book
yet but I've been wanting to so I
thought after i read that i could start
the graphic novel series because I do
like graphic novels a lot I need to get
more and then today I just got back from
half price books and I only brought one
book I'm very very proud of myself poor
cited by two other movies but uh anyway
I got nightshade by adrian andrea cremer
i think i've been really wanting to read
this series as i have been wanting to
read all these books obviously that's
why i picked them up but i heard that
the third the third book the last book
in the series didn't in so well but i
went ahead and picked this up anyway
because it's a beautiful beautiful book
and i don't know i just sure it was
really cool it's got the really nice
deckled edges there I'm sure everybody
you've seen this book by now but anyway
can't wait to read all of these books
haven't been able to do much reading
lately but there's just so much to read
any time but anyway guys thanks for
watching and I'm sorry if this video is
rushed or crazy like I said I'm crazy
right now I'm losing my mind anyway
thank you for watching and I'll see you
guys another video bye